# Test Node App and Api

Server-side code generation offers several advantages in software development. It enhances security by processing sensitive data on the server, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities like code injections. Additionally, it ensures cross-platform compatibility and facilitates easier updates, as changes can be made centrally without requiring modifications to each client component. This approach optimizes resource utilization, distributing workload efficiently between server and client, improving application performance. Moreover, it protects intellectual property by concealing critical application logic from clients, and enables better data management with direct access to databases. Scalability is enhanced, allowing for seamless expansion of resources without client-side alterations. Lastly, server-side code generation simplifies testing, enabling more effective quality assurance through automated tests.

### How to start a project?
follow next commands to run front and back simultaneously on your local machine

```bash
npm i
npm start
```
then create *.env* file and add to it:
```php
MONGO_URL='your mongo URL'
PORT=3000
```

if you did everything correctly you will see pages generated by the server on the port you specified.
Click [here](http://localhost:3000/) if your PORT is 3000

Also you can watch the [DEMO](https://node-test-app-7xlv.onrender.com)
All posts in [Api](https://node-test-app-7xlv.onrender.com/api/posts)

### Tools
JS, Node, ejs, custom Api, etc...
